OK welcome back my students.
So on this lecture I went to fetch just a couple of bucks that I had and maybe you do as well.
I had a double Jake where we file on the web pack that mitts.
OK.
So I have this duplicate here like this.
And I also had this path wrong.
OK.
So if you have that you can fix it because I was getting a lot of arrows with MP being run def but I
wasn't getting error because of this.
I was getting errors because for some reason I was using Clarabelle Eckel.
And when you use that you've got to make sure that your insight you loosestrife dodgy as file you have
Echo as are the pendency in pushier.
Well not here but if you use it here if you if this is uncommented OK you've got to make sure that in
your package that Jason you have those dependencies because when you run MP and run that you're going
to get those arrows because that's missing is trying to use it but they are missing here so make sure
you have those dependencies there.
OK.
Once you have those appendices Ron MBIA and install O and be run after if it gives you errors then delete
the no modules folder completely.
Then run then and start again and then empyrean run that and you should be good to go.
OK.
If you have any issues make a comment in this lecture and we'll take care of it.
But again if you also have any issues we've got to get her account all you have to do is make a request
like I show you in the beginning of the course and I'll make you a user and you can go ahead and forward
the project but you should be good to go.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures.